readme.md, before:

## QAIBOT Discord Bot powered by OpenAI

This is a Discord bot with AI features, powered by GPT4.

Qaibot supports the following commands:

/qai, Ask QAI any question... answered using GPT4.
/joinconvo, Let QAI join the conversation (reads last 15 messages).
/summarize, QAI will summarize the content of a given URL.
/imback, I was away for a while, what happened while I was gone? Summarize the last 200 messages.
/pricewatch, Search for component prices on Tweakers Pricewatch.
/research, Let QAI research a topic on the web for you.
research takes 2 parameters :
    TOPIC : the topic to research
    DEPTH : quick, normal, deep

Research is probably the coolest option. It searches the web, summarizes websites and uses them as context to answer the research question.

## Requirements:

You need to have 3 things:

- DISCORD TOKEN
Get this from Discord developers portal
https://discord.com/developers/applications

- OPENAI API KEY
Get this from OpenAI (this costs money)
https://platform.openai.com

- GOOGLE API KEY
Get this from Google 
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis

## Instructions:
You must configure an .env file with your API keys
use .env.example as an example

## Starting the app:

Linux command line:
```
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python app.py
```

Commit message:

added marktplaats search with selenium

readme.md, after:

## QAIBOT Discord Bot powered by OpenAI

This is a Discord bot with AI features, powered by GPT4.

Qaibot supports the following commands:

/qai, Ask QAI any question... answered using GPT4.
/joinconvo, Let QAI join the conversation (reads last 15 messages).
/summarize, QAI will summarize the content of a given URL.
/imback, I was away for a while, what happened while I was gone? Summarize the last 200 messages.
/pricewatch, Search for component prices on Tweakers Pricewatch.
/research, Let QAI research a topic on the web for you.
research takes 2 parameters :
    TOPIC : the topic to research
    DEPTH : quick, normal, deep

Research is probably the coolest option. It searches the web, summarizes websites and uses them as context to answer the research question.

## Requirements:

You need to have these things:

- DISCORD TOKEN
Get this from Discord developers portal
https://discord.com/developers/applications

- OPENAI API KEY
Get this from OpenAI (this costs money)
https://platform.openai.com

- GOOGLE API KEY
Get this from Google 
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis

For Marktplaats and others commands, you need Chrome webbrowser installed on your system, and have the same version of 'chromedriver' in the qaibot integrations folder. Download the latest versions here : https://googlechromelabs.github.io/chrome-for-testing/#stable

## Instructions:
You must configure an .env file with your API keys
use .env.example as an example

## Starting the app:

Linux command line:
```
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python app.py
```
